Add uv link to readme for completely newbies (#107)
huggingface/open-r1: README.md

## Installation

> To run the code in this project, first, make sure you have [uv](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv) then create a Python virtual environment using e.g. Conda:

Reviewer: Nit to remove Conda (we should have removed it earlier):
```suggestion
To run the code in this project, first, make sure you have [uv](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv) installed. Then create a Python virtual environment by running:
```
